ConnectCore Cloud Services for Digi Embedded Yocto (DEY)
========================================================
ConnectCore Cloud Services (CCCS) allow you to remotely monitor and analyze your
devices, manage their configuration, or update the entire system.

The repository is structured in the following directories:

* cccs-daemon: CCCS daemon (`cccsd`) code and configuration file
* cccs-gs-demo: Get Started with ConnectCore Cloud Services application demo
code (`cccs-gs-demo`)
* cccs-legacy-app: Legacy Cloud Connector application example code and
configuration file
* library: CCCS library (`libcccs.so`) code and resources

This repository implements the Digi Embedded Yocto support as a layer on top
of the Cloud Connector C API and Cloud Connector Ansi C repositories. Those
repositories are installed as git submodules executing the following command:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

Compiling the library and applications
--------------------------------------
ConnectCore Cloud Services are meant to be used by Digi Embedded Yocto, which
includes recipes to build the corresponding packages.
It is also part of the default images generated by Digi Embedded Yocto.

This code can be compiled using a Digi Embedded Yocto based toolchain.
Make sure to source the corresponding toolchain of the platform you are using,
for example, for ConnectCore 6UL:

```
. <DEY-toolchain-path>/environment-setup-cortexa7t2hf-neon-dey-linux-gnueabi
make
```

For more information, see [Digi Embedded Yocto](https://github.com/digi-embedded/meta-digi).

License
-------
Copyright 2017-2023, Digi International Inc.

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, you can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
